- Hello, and welcome to the most advanced
and modern CSS course in the world.
I'm really excited to have you in this massive course,
and I promise you made the right choice
by joining me in this adventure.
Now, without further ado,
I want to give you a quick overview
of how the course is organized,
the projects that are included in the course,
and what exactly you are gonna learn.
So, the course contains a total of seven sections
with over 20 hours of content.
We start with Section Two,
where we're going to jump right into our first project
and start learning some advanced CSS.
So this is the Natours project
that we're going to start building in Section Two
all the way to the end of Section Six.
It's a huge landing page that I designed specifically
to teach you a lot of different new CSS
properties and techniques, animations,
advanced responsive designs, CSS architecture,
and much more.
And you see that there are a lot of effects
going on here on this page.
Now, in Section Three, we take a detailed look
at how CSS actually works behind the scenes.
And we're also going to talk a bit about CSS architecture
so that you can gain the kind of knowledge
that many CSS developers out there don't have.
Next up, I will introduce you to Sass
and to the NPM ecosystem,
which will give you a whole new set of tools,
allowing you to write and compile Sass code.
Then, Section Five is the biggest part of the course.
And this is where we'll continue building
the Natours project that I showed you,
and where you will learn
countless new CSS properties and features.
After that, in Section Six,
we keep building the Natours project,
but now with a heavy focus on advanced responsive design.
In Section Seven, we then build a whole new project,
this time using the immense power of Flexbox.
So, I will introduce you to this amazing new technology
and then we build this entire
modern-looking project called trillo
using Flexbox and some other stuff
that I'm going to show you as well.
Finally, the last section is a bit similar
to the Flexbox section,
but this time, you're going to learn the
even more cutting-edge CSS grid technology.
However, this section is not available right now
as a launched course,
but it will be added a bit later in 2017.
So don't worry.
By the time you master everything there is in the course,
I will be adding the CSS grid section.
So that is a broad overview of the course structure.
Now, in all the videos,
I always do my best to explain every single details
of the techniques that I'm using
or the technologies that I'm introducing
but sometimes you might still have a question
about any of the topics that you're learning,
and that's fantastic
because asking questions is great.
Or maybe you just run into a problem with your code
and need help fixing it
because it doesn't really work the way it should.
Either way, you will always get support and help
in the Udemy Q&A section.
So at the bottom of the video that you're watching,
you will find a question section for that specific video.
And whenever you have a question,
you can check out if other students
may have asked the same question.
And if not, you can just post your own question.
And you will then get friendly support
so that you're back to writing code as fast as possible.
And now just to finish, I designed this course for you.
To bring your CSS skills
to the most modern and advanced level
and to give you the tools so that you can build
any webpage or app that you can imagine from the ground up.
And so we cover everything
that all the other courses don't cover
so that you can become the confident
front-end web developer that you want to be.
That is my main goal for this course.
And with that being said, let's finally get started with it.